:[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, Phoebe, and Monica are there.]
Monica: There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy
I work with!
Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's
gotta be something wrong with him!
Chandler: 
Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk?
Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through
what I went through with Carl- oh!
Monica: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a
date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.
Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm
standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Chandler: Then I look down, and I realize there's a
phone... there.
Joey: Instead of...?
Chandler: That's right.
Joey: Never had that dream.
Phoebe: No.
Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring.

Monica: And they weren't looking at
you before?!
Chandler: Finally, I figure
I'd better answer it, 
Ross: (mortified) Hi.
Joey: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Monica: Are you okay, sweetie?
Ross: I just feel like someone reached down my
throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my
neck...
Chandler: Cookie?
Monica: (explaining to the others) Carol moved her
stuff out today. 
Joey: Ohh.
Monica:Ross: Thanks.
Phoebe: Ooh! Oh! (She starts to pluck at the air
just in front of Ross.)
Ross: No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just
leave my aura alone, okay?
Phoebe: Fine!  Be murky!
Ross: 
Monica: No you don't.
Ross: No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
Joey: And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Ross: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on
that? She didn't know, how should I know?
Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They
all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?
Ross: I told mom and dad last night,
they seemed to take it pretty well.
Monica: Oh really, so that
hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have
grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what?  A wrong number?
Ross: Sorry.
Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of
pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Joey: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some
hormones!
Ross: I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I
just- I just wanna be married again!
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! (He
extends his hand hopefully.)
Monica: Rachel?!
Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to
your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be
here and you are, you are!
Monica: (pointing at Rachel) De-caff. (to All) Okay,
everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (to Rachel) This is everybody,
this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross? 
Rachel: Hi, sure!
Ross: Hi. 
Monica: So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting
for four wet bridesmaids?
Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour
before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was
looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden-
(to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned
on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it
hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked
familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I
doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where
to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I
knew who lived here in the city.
Monica: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Rachel: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an
issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there and watching a Spanish Soap on TV
and are trying to figure out what is going on.]
Monica: Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big
pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it. 
Chandler: (imitating the characters)
Tuna or egg salad?  Decide!
Ross: (in a deep voice) I'll have
whatever Christine is having.
Rachel: (on phone) Daddy, I just... I can't marry
him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me! 
Phoebe:  If I let go of
my hair, my head will fall off.
Chandler: (re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing
those pants. 
Joey: I say push her down the stairs. 
Joey:Rachel: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's
like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a
shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a
shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you
to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel: Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll
just stay here with Monica. 
Monica: Well, I guess we've established who's
staying here with Monica...
Rachel: Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe
I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Monica: Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try
to think of nice calm things...
Phoebe: (sings) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and
kittens, (Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.) bluebells and sleighbells and- something
with mittens... La la la la...
Rachel: I'm all better now.
Phoebe: (grins and walks to the kitchen and says to
Chandler and Joey.) I helped!
Monica: Okay, look, this is probably for the best,
y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.
Joey: (comforting her) And hey, you need anything,
you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Monica: Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding
day!
Joey: What, like there's a rule or something?
Chandler: Please don't do that again, it's a
horrible sound.
Paul:Monica: 
Joey: Who's Paul?
Ross: Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
Monica: Maybe. 
Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real
date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Ross: He finally asked you out?
Monica: Yes!
Chandler: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Monica: Rach, wait, I can cancel...
Rachel: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Monica: (to Ross) Are, are you okay? I mean, do you
want me to stay?
Ross: (choked voice) That'd be good...
Monica: (horrified) Really?
Ross: (normal voice) No, go on! It's Paul the Wine
Guy!
Phoebe: What does that mean?  
Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? (Chandler doesn't know.)
Monica: Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. (They are all
lined up next to the door.)... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
All: Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!
Chandler: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul,
was it?
Monica: 
Ross: A wandering?
Monica: Change!  Okay,
sit down. 
Phoebe: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That
can't be good.
Joey:  Hey, Paul!
Paul: Yeah?
Joey: Here's a little tip, she
really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until
it starts to get a little red.
Monica: (yelling from the bedroom)
Shut up, Joey!
Ross: So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up
to tonight?
Rachel: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for
Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Ross: Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon,
God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- (thinks) -big
lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are
coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, and we're very excited
about it. 
Rachel: Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just
gonna hang out here tonight.  
Ross: Okay, sure.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Commercial Brea:Phoebe: (singing) Love is sweet as
summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is
like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart.  La-la-la-la-la- (some guy gives her some
change and to that guy) Thank you. (sings) La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Ross: (squatting and reading the instructions) I'm
supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm
guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Joey: I'm thinking we've got a
bookcase here.
Chandler: It's a beautiful thing.
Joey: (picking up a leftover part) What's this?
Joey: Which goes where?
Chandler: 
Joey: Done with the bookcase!
Chandler: All finished!
Ross: (clutching a beer can and sniffing) This was
Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're
gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Chandler: Yes, please don't spoil
all this fun.
Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the
furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Ross: You guys.
Chandler: Oh, God.
Joey: You got screwed.
Chandler: Oh my God!
Monica: Oh my God!
Paul: I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I
should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I
mean, how clean can teeth get?
Monica: My brother's going through that right now,
he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Paul: Well, you might try accidentally breaking
something valuable of hers, say her-
Monica: -leg?
Paul: (laughing) That's one way! Me, I- I went for
the watch.
Monica: You actually broke her watch?
Paul: Ooh, steer clear of you.
Monica: That's right.
Rachel: Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know
you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love
with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (She stops talking
and dials the phone.) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...
Ross: I'm divorced!  I'm only
26 and I'm divorced!
Joey: Shut up!
Chandler: You must stop! (Chandler
hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)
Ross: That only took me an hour.
Chandler: Look, Ross, you gotta
understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento.
  
Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if
there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's
it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'?
That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something,
Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing!
Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the
best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight?
Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Ross: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Chandler: Stay out of my freezer! [Scene: A
Restaurant, Monica and Paul are still eating.]
Paul: Ever since she walked out on me, I, uh...
Monica: What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with
noodles?
Paul: No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda
revelation.
Monica: Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
Paul: Isn't there?
Monica: Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were
you gonna say?
Paul: Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um,
I haven't been able to, uh, perform. (Monica takes a sip of her drink.) ...Sexually. 
Monica: (spitting out her drink in shock) Oh God, oh
God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
Paul: It's okay...
Monica: I know being spit on is probably not what
you need right now. Um... how long?
Paul: Two years.
Monica: Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!

Paul: So you still think you, um... might want that
fifth date?
Monica: (pause)...Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Rachel: Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's
the difference!
Ross: (scornful) Grab a spoon. Do you know how long
it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything
to you? 
Joey: Great story!  But, I uh,
I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...  Oh man, (looks to Chandler)
Chandler: Angela's the screamer,
Andrea has cats.
Joey: Right.  Thanks. 
It's June.  I'm outta here. (Exits.)
Ross: Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get
it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask? (He gazes out of the
window.)
Commercial Brea:Rachel: Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never
made coffee before in my entire life.
Chandler: That is amazing.
Joey: Congratulations. 
Rachel: Y'know, I figure if I can
make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
Chandler: If can invade Poland,
there isn't anything I can't do.
Joey: Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel
like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the
coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually I'm really not that
hungry...
Monica: (entering, to herself) Oh
good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
All: Morning. Good morning.
Paul:Joey: Morning, Paul.
Rachel: Hello, Paul.
Chandler: Hi, Paul, is it?
Paul: Thank you!  Thank you so
much!
Monica: Stop!
Paul: No, I'm telling you last night
was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in 
Monica: We'll talk later.
Paul: Yeah. (They kiss) Thank you. (Exits)
Joey: That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you
do on a real date?
Monica: Shut up, and put my table back.
All: Okayyy! (They do so.)
Chandler: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I
don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference... 
Rachel: So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Monica: Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we
buy stuff.
Joey: Yeah, I'm an actor.
Rachel: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Joey: I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Monica: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch
the Reruns' production of Pinocchio
Joey: Look, it was a job all right?
Chandler: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Joey: I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door
and opens it to leave.)
Chandler: You're right, I'm sorry. (Burst into song
and dances out of the door.) "
Joey: You should both know,
that he's a dead man.  Oh, Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.)
Monica: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay?
Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Rachel: I can see that. You look like you slept with
a hanger in your mouth.
Monica: I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember
you and Tony DeMarco?
Rachel: Oh, yeah.
Monica: Well, it's like that. With feelings.
Rachel: Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
Monica: Big time!
Rachel: Want a wedding dress?  
Hardly used.
Monica: I think we are getting
a little ahead of selves here.
Rachel: Oh, look, wish me luck!
Monica: What for?
Rachel: I'm gonna go get one of those (Thinks) job
things.
Frannie: Hey, Monica! 
Monica: Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida? 
Frannie: You had sex, didn't you? 
Monica: How do you do that?
Frannie: Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through
Parrot Jungle and you're having sex!  
Monica: You know Paul? 
Frannie: Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul. 
Monica: You mean you know Paul like I know Paul? 
Frannie: Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no
snap in his turtle for two years. 
Joey: (sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line! 
Monica: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that? 
Ross: I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you
into bed'. 
Phoebe: Oh no, don't hate, you don't
want to put that out into the universe.
Monica: Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of
beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear? 
Phoebe: All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. (She starts massaging them.) 
Monica: I just thought he was nice, y'know? 
Joey: (bursts out laughing again) I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!

Rachel: Guess what? 
Ross: You got a job? 
Rachel: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve
interviews today. 
Chandler: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat. 
Rachel: You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty
percent off! 
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me... 
Rachel: They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got
great boots' boots! 
Monica: How'd you pay for them? 
Rachel: Uh, credit card. 
Monica: And who pays for that? 
Rachel: Um... my... father. 
Rachel: Oh God, come on you
guys, is this really necessary?  I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Monica: C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life. 
Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married. 
Phoebe: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time. 
Rachel: Thank you. 
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was
fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got
here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like,
cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found
aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel. 
Ross: The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'... 
Monica: 
Rachel: No.  No, no, I'm not
ready!  How can I be ready?  "Hey, Rach!  You ready to jump out the
airplane without your parachute?"  Come on, I can't do this!
Monica: You can, I know you
can!
Rachel: I don't think so.
Ross: Come on, you made
coffee!   You can do anything! (Chandler slowly tries to hide the now dead plant from
that morning when he and Joey poured their coffee into it.)
Ross: C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,... 
All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut... (She cuts one of them and they cheer.)
Rachel: Y'know what?  I think
we can just leave it at that.  It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
Monica:  Rachel! 
That was a library card!
All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut..
Chandler: (as Rachel is cutting up
her cards) Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream. 
Monica: Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're
gonna love it! 
Monica: Well, that's it (To Ross) You gonna crash on the couch? 
Ross: No. No, I gotta go home sometime. 
Monica: You be okay? 
Ross: Yeah. 
Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (Monica smiles.) What? 
Monica: That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy.
Alright. Goodnight, everybody. 
Ross and Rachel: Goodnight.
Ross: Mmm. (They both reach for the last cookie) Oh, no- 
Rachel: Sorry- 
Ross: No no no, go- 
Rachel: No, you have it, really, I don't want it- 
Ross: Split it? 
Rachel: Okay. 
Ross: Okay. (They split it.) You know you probably didn't know this, but back in
high school, I had a, um, major crush on you. 
Rachel: I knew. 
Ross: You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky
older brother. 
Rachel: I did. 
Ross: Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability
become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out?
Sometime? Maybe? 
Rachel: Yeah, maybe... 
Ross: Okay... okay, maybe I will... 
Rachel: Goodnight. 
Ross: Goodnight. 
Monica: See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you? 
Ross: I just grabbed a spoon. (Ross exits and Monica has no idea what that
means.) 
Closing Credit:Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here. 
Phoebe: (sings) 
Monica: What? I-I said you had a- 
Phoebe: (sings) 
Monica: (to Phoebe) Would you stop? 
Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?
All: Yes!
Monica: I said that you had a nice
butt, it's just not a great butt.
Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great
butt if it came up and bit ya.
Ross: There's an image.
Rachel: (walks up with a pot of coffee) Would anybody like more coffee? 
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it? 
Rachel: I'm just serving it. 
All: Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee. 
Chandler: Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. 
Rachel: Ugh. (To another customer that's leaving.) Excuse me, could you give
this to that guy over there? (Hands him the coffee pot.) Go ahead. (He does so.) Thank
you. (To the gang.) Sorry.  Okay, Las Vegas.
Chandler: 
:Written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane
Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us,
kissing is as important as any part of it. 
Joey: Yeah, right!.......Y'serious? 
Phoebe: Oh, yeah! 
Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss. 
Monica: Absolutely. 
Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act,
y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd
comes out. 
Ross: Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that...
that's not why we bought the ticket. 
Chandler: The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great
the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're
in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake. 
Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time
you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone. 
Joey: (pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
Opening Credit:Ross: No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little
angry? 
Marsha: Well, she has issues. 
Ross: Does she. 
Marsha: He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits
at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet! 
Ross: Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that
glacier's getting kinda close.' See? 
Marsha: Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife? 
Ross: (trying to ignore her) No. No. 
Marsha: Yes, it is. Carol! Hi! 
Ross: Okay, okay, yes, it is. (waves) How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in
the Ice Age. 
Ross:Hi. 
Carol: So. 
Ross: You look great. I, uh... I hate that. 
Carol: Sorry. You look good too. 
Ross: Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still,
uh... 
Carol: A lesbian? 
Ross: Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family? 
Carol: Marty's still totally paranoid. Oh, and, uh- 
Ross: Why- why are you here, Carol? 
Carol: I'm pregnant. 
Ross: Pregnant?! 
Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's
Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding. 
Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.) 
Monica: (taking a drink from Joey) Are you through with that? 
Joey: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down. 
Monica: Whose little ball of paper is this?! 
Chandler: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I
realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... (sees that Monica is glaring at him)
...now I wish I was dead. 
Phoebe: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already
fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine! 
Monica: Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition
than they already have. 
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a
child's pillow. 
Phoebe: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're
like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way. 
Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every
time they come. 
Monica: That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong.
Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born. 
Chandler: (looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew! 
Monica: What? 
Chandler: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster! 
All: Eeaagh! 
Rachel: Has anybody seen my engagement ring? 
Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful. 
Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under
the couch cushions.) 
Phoebe: No, look, don't touch that! 
Rachel: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to
him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front
of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the
ring, which makes it so much harder... 
Monica: Easy Rach, we'll find it. (To all) Won't we! 
Joey: 
Joey: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it! 
Chandler: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days... 
Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the
kitchen with... 
Chandler: ...Dinah? 
Rachel: (looks at the lasagne and realizes something) Ohhhhh, don't be mad... 
Monica: You didn't. 
Rachel: Oh, I am sorry... 
Monica: I gave you one job! (Starts to examin the lasagne through the bottom of
the glass pan.) 
Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are! 
Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring
in a lasagne... 
Monica: (puts down the lasagne) I just... can't do it. 
Chandler: Boys? We're going in. 
Ross: (standing outside the door).....Hi. 
Monica: Wow. That is not a happy hi. 
Ross: Carol's pregnant. 
Phoebe: (while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it! 
Monica: W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-... 
Ross: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about
now. (He enters.) 
Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon? 
Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing? 
Ross: Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not
comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me. 
Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her. 
Monica: What does she mean by 'involved'? 
Chandler: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done. 
Ross: Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them
tomorrow. 
Rachel: So what are you gonna do? 
Ross: I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father. 
Joey: .....Well, this is still ruined, right?
Mrs. Geller: Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you. (Tastes a snack)
Mmm! What's that curry taste? 
Monica: Curry. 
Mrs. Geller: Mmmm! 
Ross: I- I think they're great! I, I really do. 
Mr. Geller: (To Ross) Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for
you, didn't she? 
Mrs. Geller: They all had a thing for him. 
Ross: Aw, Mom... 
Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? 
Mrs. Geller: Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking,
or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant- 
Monica: No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant. 
Mrs. Geller: Well, they don't have to know that... (She starts to fluff the same
pillow Monica fluffed multiple times earlier.) 
Monica: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please? 
Ross: Yeah. (They go to the kitchen.) 
Mrs. Geller: Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy. 
Monica: I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you
planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some
of the heat off me. 
Mrs. Geller: What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the
club, they were not playing very well. 
Mr. Geller: I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty
thousand dollars is a lot of money! 
Mrs. Geller: Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar... 
Monica: What's that supposed to mean? 
Mrs. Geller: Nothing! It's an expression. 
Monica: No it's not. 
Mr. Geller: Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have
been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were
just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles... 
Mr. Geller: Look, there are people like Ross who
need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other
people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people
who never get cancer. 
Mr. Geller: ...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank
God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem. 
Monica: (trying desperately to change the subject) So, Ross, what's going on
with you? Any stories? (Digs her elbow into his hand.) No news, no little anecdotes to
share with the folks? 
Ross: (pulls his hand away) Okay! Okay. (To his parents) Look, I, uh- I realise
you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well,
here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant
with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby. 
Mrs. Geller: (To Monica) And you knew about this?! 
Commercial Brea:Joey: Your folks are really that bad, huh? 
Ross: Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they
take their time, they get the job done. 
Monica: Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you
could- (To Ross) -I'd want yours. 
Ross: Must pee. (Goes to pee.) 
Phoebe: Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins. 
Rachel: You're twins? 
Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type. 
Chandler: What does she do? 
Phoebe: She's a waitress. 
Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to
leave.) 
Monica: Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this. 
Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents
actually preferred. 
Rachel: The lights, please..
Ross: ...How long was I in there? 
Rachel: I'm just cleaning up. 
Ross: D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help? 
Rachel: Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down.) 
Ross: Anyway.. um.. (Starts to sweep.) So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry
tomorrow? 
Rachel: Oh.. a little.. 
Ross: Mm-hmm.. 
Rachel: A lot. 
Ross: Mm. 
Rachel: So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped? 
Ross: Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's
gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too
terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give
Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN... 
Rachel: Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated? 
Ross: Got me. 
Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together? 
Ross: Yeah. 
Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love-
and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross? 
Ross: Yes, yes! 
Rachel: Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. (She leans back onto his hand.) 
Ross: Me either... (He pulls up a stool so that he doesn't have to move his
hand.) 
Ross: (entering) Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big
dinosaur.. thing.. anyway. 
Susan: Hi. 
Carol: Ross, you remember Susan. 
Ross: How could I forget? 
Susan: Ross. 
Ross: (they shake hands) Hello, Susan. (To Carol) Good shake. Good shake. So,
uh, we're just waiting for...? 
Carol: Dr. Oberman. 
Ross: ..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he- 
Susan: She. 
Ross: -she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation? 
Carol: Yes, and she's very supportive. 
Ross: Okay, that's great. (Susan gives her drink to Carol.) No, I'm- Oh.  
Carol: Thanks. 
Ross: (picks up a surgical instrament and mimes a duck with it) Quack, quack.. 
Carol: Ross? That opens my cervix. (He drops it in horror.) 
Rachel: Barry? 
Barry: C'mon in. 
Rachel: (hesitates) Are you sure? 
Barry: Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours. 
Robbie: Huh?! 
Barry: So, how ya doin? 
Rachel: I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great! 
Barry: Yeah, well.. 
Barry: (answering the intercom) Be right there. (To Robbie and Rachel) Be back
in a sec. 
Rachel: I dumped him. 
Robbie: Okay. 
Ross: So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know,
when, like, important decisions have to be made? 
Carol: Give me a 'for instance'. 
Ross: Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the
baby's name? 
Carol: Marlon- 
Ross: Marlon?! 
Carol: -if it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl. 
Ross: ...As in Mouse? 
Carol: As in my grandmother. 
Ross: Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about
Julia? 
Carol: Julia.. 
Susan: We agreed on Minnie. 
Ross: 'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together.
Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..? 
Barry: Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to? 
Rachel: Oh, not much. I-I got a job. 
Barry: Oh, that's great. 
Rachel: Why are- why are you so tanned? 
Barry: Oh, I, uh- I went to Aruba. 
Rachel: Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone? 
Barry: No. I went with, uh.. Now, this may hurt. 
Robbie: Me?! 
Barry: No! (To Rachel) I went with Mindy. 
Rachel: Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?! 
Barry: Yeah, well, uh, we're kind of a thing now. 
Rachel: Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs! 
Barry: Careful! They haven't quite taken yet. 
Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye! 
Barry: Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you. 
Rachel: Okay.. 
Barry: See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted
to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist. 
Rachel: Wow. 
Barry: You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't
happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit. 
Rachel: What? 
Robbie: Me. (Spits.) 
Rachel: Anyway, um, (Gets the ring out of her purse.) I guess this belongs to
you. And thank you for giving it to me. 
Barry: Well, thank you for giving it back. 
Robbie: Hello?! 
Susan: Oh, please! What's wrong with Helen? 
Ross: Helen Geller? I don't think so. 
Carol: Hello? It's not gonna be Helen Geller. 
Ross: Thank you! 
Carol: No, I mean it's not Geller. 
Ross: What, it's gonna be Helen Willick? 
Carol: No, actually, um, we talked about Helen Willick-Bunch. 
Ross: Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title? 
Susan: It's my baby too. 
Ross: Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm. 
Susan: Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is! 
Carol: All right, you two, stop it! 
Ross: No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too. 
Carol: Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I
think that borders on child abuse. 
Ross: Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch. 
Susan: Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say
all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way! 
Ross: My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever
imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is
too hard. I'm not, I can't do- 
Dr. Oberman: (entering) Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea? 
All: Yeah. Yeah. A little. 
Dr. Oberman: Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for
sharing. (To Carol) Uh, lie back.. 
Ross: You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be
involved in this particular thing right now. 
Ross: Oh my God. 
Susan: Look at that. 
Carol: I know. 
Ross: Well? Isn't that amazing? 
Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here? 
Chandler: I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise. 
Phoebe: You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it
kinda looks like an old potato. 
Ross: Then don't do that, alright? 
Phoebe: Okay! 
Ross: (walks over to where Monica is standing)Monica. Whaddya think? 
Monica: (welling up) Mm-hmm. 
Ross: Wh- are you welling up? 
Monica: No. 
Ross: You are, you're welling up. 
Monica: Am not! 
Ross: You're gonna be an aunt. 
Monica: (pushes him and starts to cry) Oh shut up! 
Rachel: (on phone) Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry
today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I
really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up
getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline
and your old nose. (Slams the phone down.) (To everyone) Okay, I know it was a cheap shot,
but I feel 
:[Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Phoebe is there.] 
Phoebe: (entering) Hi guys! 
All: Hey, Pheebs! Hi! 
Ross: Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go? 
Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this
again!' 
All: Ohh. Ouch. 
Rachel: What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right? 
Monica: Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will
never see me naked'. 
Rachel: Since when? 
Joey: Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means
'It is you'. 
Chandler: Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing
alcoholics and complaining about them to you'. 
Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha,
I already am'. 
Rachel: And everybody knows this? 
Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow. 
Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to
sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm. 
Ross: That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send
our dog off to live on a farm. 
Monica: Uh, Ross. 
Ross: What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had
this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was-
it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi! 
Opening Credit: 
Chandler: "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?" 
Joey: "Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to
live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die." 
Chandler: Hey, that was really good! 
Joey: Thanks! Let's keep going. 
Chandler: Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?" 
Joey: "I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can
smoke." 
Chandler: "Smoke away." 
Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone. 
Joey: What? 
Chandler: Relax your hand! 
Chandler: Not so much! 
Joey: Whoah! 
Chandler: Hey! 
Joey: Hey! 
Chandler: Alright, now try taking a puff. 
Chandler: Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me. 
Joey: No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette. 
Chandler: It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. 
Chandler: Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been
missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete. 
Joey: Y'miss it? 
Chandler: Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. (Takes a puff.) Oh.. my..
God. (He continues to smoke.) 
Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a
guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. 
Joey: That's ridiculous! 
Ross: Can I use.. either thumb? 
Rachel: (carrying a tray of drinks) Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me!
(Starts handing them out.) Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced
tea. I'm getting pretty good at this! 
All: Yeah. Yeah, excellent. 
Rachel: (leaving to serve others) Good for me! 
Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe? 
Phoebe: Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank. 
Monica: What did they do to you? 
Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up
their monthly, you know, STATEMENT- 
Ross: Easy. 
Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account. 
Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again... 
Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them. 
Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it! 
Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like
stealing. 
Rachel: Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping! 
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know
what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was
happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine,
not-not-mine'... 
Monica: We're with you. We got it. 
Phoebe: Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this
giant karmic debt. 
Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing? 
Monica: (puling him up) Hey. Whaddya doing? 
All: Oh! Oh, God! 
Ross: What is this?! 
Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking. 
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years! 
Chandler: And this- is my reward! 
Ross: Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last
time you quit. 
Chandler: Okay, so this time I won't quit! 
All: Ohhh! Put it out! 
Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in
Phoebe's coffee.) 
Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now! 
Monica: Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date. 
Rachel: This Alan again? How's it goin'? 
Monica: 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun. 
Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy? 
Monica: Let's see, today's Monday... Never. 
All: Oh, come on! Come on! 
Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve. 
Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!..
Sorry. 
Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance
to figure that out. 
Rachel: Well, then can we meet him? 
Monica: Nope. Schhorry. 
Monica: I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and
within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the
weak members of the herd. 
Paula: Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll
tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just
looking out after you. 
Monica: I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually
liked. 
Paula: Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if
they never get to meet the guy.. 
Joey: Let it go, Ross. 
Ross: Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi. 
Monica: Do you all promise? 
All: Yeah! We promise! We'll be good! 
Monica: (shouts to Chandler) Chandler? Do you promise to be good? 
Joey: You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside! 
Ross: Hey, Pheebs. 
Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have
credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and
hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -
Rachel: What bank is this? 
Monica: Hey. It's him. (On the intercom) Who is it? 
Joey: (shouting to Chandler) Chandler! He's here! 
Monica: (to all) Okay, please be good, 
Monica: Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan. 
Alan: Hi. 
All: Hi, Alan. 
Alan: I've heard schho much about all you guyschh! 
Monica: (to Alan) Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. (Alan exits, to all) Okay.
Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm? 
Monica: C'mon! 
Ross: ...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I
can't do this, can't do this. We loved him. 
All: Loved him! Yeah! He's great! 
Monica: Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that 
All: Yeah! 
Rachel: And did you notice...? (She spreads her thumb and index finger.) 
Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked. 
Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe! 
Ross: ...What shoe? 
Phoebe: From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked
smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...' 
Ross: ...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future
boyfriends will be measured. 
Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it. 
Monica: Really! 
Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone.
You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression) 
Ross: You know what I like most about him, though? 
All: What? 
Ross: The way he makes me feel about myself. 
All: Yeah... 
Commercial Brea: 
Monica: Hi.. how was the game? 
Ross: Well.. 
All: WE WON!! Thank you! Yes! 
Monica: Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible? 
Joey: Alan. 
Ross: He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where
Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan,
second base-Alan, third base-... 
Rachel: I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team. 
Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about
softball.. 
Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe..
sometimes.. 
Ross: What? 
Monica: ..I dunno, a little too Alan? 
Rachel: Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan. 
Ross: Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore. 
Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan. 
Phoebe: Hey, Lizzie. 
Lizzie: Hey, Weird Girl. 
Phoebe: I brought you alphabet soup. 
Lizzie: Did you pick out the vowels? 
Phoebe: Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh,
I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.) 
Lizzie: Saltines? 
Phoebe: No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone? 
Lizzie: What? (She opens the envelope Phoebe has given her.) Oh my God, there's
really money in here. 
Phoebe: I know. 
Lizzie: Weird Girl, what are you doing? 
Phoebe: No, I want you to have it. I don't want it. 
Lizzie: No, no, I ha-I have to give you something. 
Phoebe: Oh, that's fine, no. 
Lizzie: Would you like my tin-foil hat? 
Phoebe: No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks. 
Lizzie: Please, let me do something. 
Phoebe: Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay? 
Lizzie: Okay. 
Phoebe: Okay. 
Lizzie: Keep the change. (To Phoebe) Sure you don't wanna pretzel? 
Phoebe: No, I'm fine. 
Lizzie: (leaves) See ya. 
Phoebe: Huh! 
Ross: A 
All: Eww! 
Phoebe: I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there,
like this tiny little hitch-hiker! 
Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five? 
Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see? 
All: Nooo! 
All: Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out! 
Rachel: It's worse than the thumb! 
Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair! 
Monica: Oh, why is it unfair? 
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking
isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with
that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those
flaws, why can't you accept me for this? 
Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody? 
Rachel: Well, I-I could live without it. 
Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her
hair? 
Ross: Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing. 
Joey: Oh, (Imitating Ross) "you do, do you"? 
Ross: You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly. 
Rachel: "Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work. 
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered. 
Rachel: Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on. 
Monica: Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like? 
Paula: No. 
Monica: Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like. 
Paula: Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got
through! 
Monica: Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel 
Paula: Honey.. you should always feel 
Monica: I know.. it's gonna be really hard. 
Paula: Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it. 
Monica: No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about. 
Joey: Do you have any respect for your body? 
Ross: Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself? 
Chandler: Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your
emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it. 
Rachel: (holding the phone out to Chandler) Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to
speak to you. 
Chandler: Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she
told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's
not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that
before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.) 
Rachel: (to Ross, who has wandered up) God, he's good. 
Ross: If only he were a woman. 
Rachel: Yeah. 
Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for
thirty years it'd be talking too. 
Ross: Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. (Does so.) 
